fix: EmptyStateCard flex (#110)
aragon/ods: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> -   Add additional centering and sizing for `EmptyState` and `EmptyStateCard`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Centering and sizing for `EmptyState` and `EmptyStateCard` components
```
